So the protected area
authorities also requested for
the data to be shared as a
table.
And so in this video we're going
to see how to export a layer as
a table in QGIS.
So it's going to be a very
similar process to before.
We'll make sure we're in our
Hippogriffs Ziama Sightings
layer.
We're going to right click on
this, click Export and go Save
Features as and now the way to
change this to save it as a
table is by changing the format
and so these are all the
different things that we could
save it as.
So there's lots of options for
exporting your layers in QGIS.
We're going to choose CSV as
this is going to export it as a
table and now we're going to
click on these three dots here
and we're going to save it in
the Ziama protected area folder
that we have.
So we'll click and go into this
and we can name it Hippogriff or
we'll name it Sightings Ziama
table.
So it's nice and clear what it
is and hit OK, so we can see
that's come up in our layers
list here, but it's also going
to be saved within that folder
that we created.
So now we're going to open up
our computers File Explorer or
the the Finder application and
we're going to navigate to this
folder that we created.
So here is Ziama PA. So if we
open it up, we've got our
sightings table and we've got
our shape file.
Hopefully you can remember that
shapefiles are actually multiple
files.
So here we've got five different
files for our shape file.
And so this is why it's really
good practice to put all of your
materials for one project into a
folder and then you can zip up
that folder and send it to
someone.
So for this Ziama protected area
we can zip up these materials in
a folder, e-mail it to someone,
and then they have all the
materials there.
They can unzip it and work with
it within their GIS software.
So to do that, we're going to
just go back one stage so we can
see our protected area folder.
We're going to right click on it
and we're going to hover over
where it says send to and we'll
choose a compressed or zipped
folder and there we go, that's
created our zipped folder.
So now we could send that to
Ziama protected area and they
can access the materials in
there.
So now have a go at doing the
same for Wonegizi and Wologizi,
putting the table within the
folders you created for those
protected areas and then zipping
up those folders.